DOC-2300: Replace `Advanced Tables` mentions with `Enhanced Tables` in 7x docs project. (#3116)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/advtable.adoc

= Enhanced Tables plugin
:navtitle: Enhanced Tables

> :description: Add advanced functionality to tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Add enhanced functionality to tables.
```

:keywords: sort, rownumbering, series, tables, advanced, advtable, premium
:pluginname: Enhanced Tables
:plugincode: advtable
:plugincategory: premium
:pluginminimumplan: tierthree

include::partial$misc/admon-premium-plugin.adoc[]

[TIP]

> As of {productname} 7.0, the Advanced tables plugin has been renamed to {pluginname}. When adding {pluginname} in your editor, continue to use {plugincode}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of {productname} 7.0, the Advanced Tables plugin is now named {pluginname}. When using the {pluginname} plugin in your editor, continue to use {plugincode} in the `+plugins+` list.
```
